Thank you very much everyone. And as you all know, this morning I'm going to offer the Empowerment
of the Medicine Buddha.
Before I offer the Empowerment as part of the ceremony, I'm going to bring the introduction, which
is part of the ceremony.
Even though many of you already know this, but again it's part of the, again as you say, lineage
instruction is a remembering of how all this teaching happened.
And everything teaching what we offer here or again is the teaching of the lineage.
This lineage is started from the greatest, kindest, complicated teacher from the Buddha Shaptamuni,
who came 2,600 years ago in India.
This lineage is continued until now as unbroken lineage.
Often in the teaching you say "stainless teaching" as natural or "stainless natural, golden natural
teaching" that continually, until now, is uninterrupted, diluted, and continually carried on that.
And preserved that integrity of the devotion, courage, and commitment, and loyalty kept that
teaching from the time Buddha shared this teaching until now.
So that is what today we are connected to that again, to that teaching.
Again, the greatest teacher, Buddha Shaptamuni, who came as I already said to you and you know him,
2,600 years ago he came.
And he become the Buddha at age 35.
Until, from the age of 35, until the age of 81, he continually gave the teachings.
And that teaching he relied on to understand what was done or the realization he achieved that he
shared that with others.
He relied on the nature of the mind, one's own nature of the mind.
And he saw the nature of the mind is full of the beautiful qualities, love and kindness, compassion
, courage, commitment, and confidence, and that richness that he revealed.
When we discover that nature, that our own beauty nature, what we have, then we completely become
as fearlessness.
We become the indestructibles.
We move on this world or in this samsara of the world without fear and difficulties.
Because in the present time, we don't have that realization or understanding.
That's why many times we are struggling, struggling all the time.
But once we explore our beauty in the nature, then you become, each of us become as completely,
totally happy, peaceful, free from all the obstacles and fears, disease, sicknesses.
That's what the daily teaching says. That's what the Buddha discovered.
This teaching of the Buddha is totally love and kindness, compassion, and wisdom combined together,
thinking of every living being.
Every living being has also that potential, that richness. It's not just only the selected group
has that.
Everyone shares the same nature. As we, everyone shares the same element, fire, water, wind, space.
There's no distinction between somebody shares, somebody don't have to have the element, or the
space, or the ears.
Everyone needs A. Everyone needs the space. Everyone needs these elements, same where the nature
and the beauty is the same.
There's no difference. That is what really the gracious teacher Buddha told.
And he gave the teaching that, as I said, started from the age 35 under age 81.
And those old teachings are, can summarize in the teachings known as the Nainyana teachings,
teachings that summarize them.
And all that teaching came to Tibet in eight centuries. At the time of the great, known as the
Great King, Darmapetra, known as Kintasong Devti,
through his courage and commitment is his dedication to bring this authentic and beautiful richness
teaching as a gift to the Tibetan peoples.
Really, he made such a big effort. And because of that, his courage and commitment, he was able to
invite the great master teacher,
known as the Burb A Masambhala, and a great teacher known as Shanta Rakhta, Ache Shanta Rakhta.
The both, the both are invited to Tibet.
These three individuals come together and brought the entire teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni.
That whole, his teaching, there are 45 years teachings of the Buddha Shakyamuni brought to Tibet
completely.
Everything brought to Tibet. Those teachings are continually preserved by all those dedicated
practitioners.
Practitioners. And essentially, until now, everything really is preserved.
They practice. How they preserve it? They practice. They made it.
They not just let the intellectual status, they receive the teaching. They practice.
They made it full of devotion, courage, and commitment, and compassion, and loving-kindness,
respect, and appreciation to every living being.
And both the beauty of non-violence, peace, they completely, individually become totally a symbol
of the peace.
Peace, and love, and compassion, and humble, and humility.
At the same time, they share that knowledge with others.
And continually preserve that teachings.
So these teachings are done in Tibet.
Of course, most of the old Vedans are Buddhism.
Even in the Tibetan, there are a few different sub-schools of the Buddhists, known as the Nirma
schools, Gaju, Satya, Ghelova schools.
Particularly, this teaching, what came today, is come from the Nirma schools of the Buddhism.
Particularly, this great teacher, the master, Shanda Rakchada, who was one of the co-founder of the
Tibetan Buddhists,
he was a very famous practitioner of the Meris Buddhas.
He really highlighted the Meris Buddha practices in Tibet, very much.
He himself practiced it. He shared that teaching to the others, and came to some Vedans.
So the Meris Buddha becomes a very popular practice to all the schools of the Vedic Buddhists,
and particularly the Nirma schools of the Vedic Buddhists.
The Nirma schools of the teachings are then continually carried by two Tamil lineage systems.
Those are known as the Kama and the Thelma. Those are both the Ayurvedic languages.
But Kama means oral transmission teachings.
From the teacher to the student, from teacher to the student, continually carried on that.
Again, he kept that, as I said, with devotion, with courage, with commitment, with loyalty.
He kept the authenticity of that teaching. They never deluded that teaching.
With the consumption of thought, 80, this and that, they really kept evaluating things represented
at the time and continually now.
And that is known as the Kama teaching. Kama means oral, oral transmission-mitted teachings.
And then the second technique is known as the Thelma teaching.
Thelma teaching is known as then, the heathen.
And that is by the great Martin Gaurupa Masambhava, Muslim Rakhini Ishin.
So the female lady, very highly realizing the beings, again, she reached the enlightenment within
that lifetime,
in the disciple of the Maasambhava.
And they both are hidden, these many teachings.
And then as well as other many great Masambhas too, hidden and rediscovered that teaching.
And that is known as thelma teachings.
And that is the particular, this Kama and Thelma teachings are very specifically linear systems of
the Numa schools of the Vedic Buddhism.
Numa is the one of the, what is to be, that again is to be the word which means ancient schools of
the Vedic Buddhism.
It started from, at the time, very much time or the 8th century until now.
So that is the teaching continually now that the Numa.
So this particular today teaching, what I'm offering you is the combination of the Kama and Thelma.
Thelma and Thelma joined together that both linear teaching.
And again, very famous who did this, very famous teaching, teacher known as Raga Aksi.
Raga Aksi or the cat of Karma Chami.
He was one of the very famous great masters in only, in the 17th century I think, around that time.
And he was also master of all the Buddhism.
And particularly he was very famous master of the Numa and the Khaji schools of the Vedic Buddhism.
And it is Raga Aksi.
And he himself as great practitioners of the Meris of Buddhas.
And he was also great writer, great beginner, and great scholars, and great practitioners.
He practiced also hermitage. He really practiced so long and retreat all the time.
I mean, his whole life in a way.
Practicing, meditating, and retreat in a cabin.
And also he was a fully ordained monk.
And also very humble, very respectful for everyone, to everyone.
And he was one of the very famous great masters.
His teachings are all very simple, easy to understand in the Tibetan kind of colloquial levels.
And so simple, but yet so profound, so direct, he really touched the heart.
Heart of the individual practitioners.
And so kind of simple, it just reigns in the heart.
So beautifully important.
So these great masters combined these two lineage teachings together.
And he has varieties of the Meris of Buddhas teachings.
But today, while offering is one of the very conversant teachings,
of course, we go to more details in this open of that.
So that is what this Meris of Buddhas teaching continues.
And now we talk really about the Meris of Buddhas.
Meris of Buddhas is the Buddha of the healings.
This Buddha, generally in Buddhism, there is many, many Buddhas.
Why? Because according to Buddhism,
the Buddhas taught that every living being has the same potential,
same nature as Buddha Shapta Muni himself.
There is no difference between man and woman or any poems.
Regardless any poem you have, the nature is the same.
Potential is the same.
If you walk for your potential, your nature,
you have the 100% right to become or discover that beauty and that nature.
So therefore, there is so many Buddhas who discovered fully that nature.
What is that nature?
That nature is loving kindness.
That nature is compassion.
That nature is openness, not solid object.
Not just concrete or solid, openness.
Another name in the Buddha's teaching named emptiness.
It's the empty of the solid, empty of the grasping, empty of the cleanings,
empty of the poem, poem.
That mystery, that beauty, that openness is combined with compassion,
loving kindness, wisdom, understanding.
That is what nature is.
In order to discover that nature, you have to do that same thing.
You have to explore more compassion, more loving kindness, more mindfulness, combined together.
Then when we start with that, when it comes immediately, it brings more joy to individually.
This is not pretty tale of stories telling someone.
If you start touching to your own nature of love, kindness and compassion,
and mindfulness or the wisdom, what it brings?
It brings joy.
It brings peace.
It brings calmness.
It brings openness.
It brings realization, the beauty of one's own self,
really about others, not located in the kind of corner of the darkness
and not seeing anything and only kind of with hope and affairs, kind of continually challenging.
You really become totally warriors of the love and compassion and kindness and the wisdom.
That is what nature is and we have to do.
So therefore, whoever does that, if they follow that,
they have 100% right to become Buddha or another world
who becomes fully discovered, you are in it in nature.
Whatever we named, Buddha, enlightened beings, or whatever we named, everyone.
So therefore, there are so many Buddhas.
There are many Buddhas, there are women Buddhas.
There is peace of Buddha and also there are very powerful, peaceful Buddhas.
In order to defeat the ego-clinging, in order to defeat the neurotic mind,
in order to defeat the self-important, self-centered minds.
Therefore, there are also many of those enlightened beings or Buddhas,
who are prepared to benefit and help other beings,
guide and discover their beauty and their nature.
So therefore, there are many Buddhas.
According to Buddha Shaktamuni, these Buddhas are in every different direction.
This is what we call the world, but this is not just, according to Buddhism,
Buddha Shaktamuni is teaching, this is not just only this world, this single world.
There are so many universes, so many worlds, every direction,
up and down and every direction of this where we are.
So where is the Buddha? Is he leaving the Buddha right now?
It's not asking the Buddha who came and gone and become like historians,
or he's going to come in the future.
He is right now leaving the Buddha.
According to Buddha Shaktamuni, according to all those great practices,
the Masters, he's leaving the Buddha, where is he now?
In the east direction of this universe, our world, is the direction.
Not just only in the close of our neighborhood like the world,
according to Buddha Shaktamuni, many, many universes pass to this direction.
One after another universe, one after another universe,
many universes pass beyond the pure land of the very Buddha,
the Buddha who is right now leaving the Buddha.
The Buddha is a total enlightenment.
His wisdom has no territories, no divisions between time and space.
His love and compassion has no time and space.
It's beyond time and space, every direction.
He is right, leaving the Buddha now.
That was also Buddha Shaktamuni when he was in India.
He was usually traveling with bare feet,
manipulating with his students.
One time he came in the city of the known as Vishalis.
When we came to the Vishalis and the time and the situation,
the circumstances and gathering, everything is so perfectly beautiful
to explore the teachings of the Protestant Buddha.
That moment, through the power of the Buddha Shaktamuni,
he immediately opened the door of these directions.
All the audience, everyone who was there,
began to see the Protestant Buddha.
The Protestant Buddha is so.
He showed that, he kind of ushered and opened the door of that.
This is the Protestant Buddha.
The Protestant Buddha of your land is the complete healings
because the fundamental cause of the sicknesses and difficulties
is our own negative emotions.
Our negative emotions are ignorance, attachment, or grasping, and anger.
Anger is connected with fears.
How many fears?
That tendency, that negative emotion is the fundamental cause of sicknesses.
And pure natural medicine Buddha is totally free of that.
Free of ignorance.
Free of the grasping or the attachments.
Free of the angers.
Therefore, there is no sicknesses.
And everything is healing.
Everything is healing qualities, healing powers, wisdom,
shimmering light, that they really see that.
And at the time, Buddha Shaktamuni gave the teachings on the Marys of Buddhas.
Marys of Buddhas.
There is a quote, "Suktara of the Marys of Buddhas."
I bought that text.
It's more than in shine.
I will give you as a blessing to you later.
Later.
I have that text.
I'm here.
It's a part of the teaching.
That is the Marys of Buddhas teaching.
The Buddha gave that.
So as the Buddha gave that teaching, that time,
then this teaching of the Marys of Buddhas is continued now.
Until now.
Completely.
Everyone begins to practice on this.
In Tibet.
Really, there are no different schools of Buddhism.
It has differences.
Everyone practices meditating on this.
This is the Marys of Buddhas practicing.
It's not just the Marys of Buddhas practicing.
It's only where we are sick or the healings.
This is practice for this life.
Next slide.
In the Bardo and all the time.
Every time.
This is so special practice.
For the healing.
For the longevity.
For the increased lives.
For our varieties.
For our performance.
For our all the, like, any relationships.
Our successful.
Really, Marys of Buddhas is one of the great practices, teachings.
And therefore, this becomes one of the very powerful
and very influential practices in the Tibetan Buddhism.
And a particular human.
Since this is so special.
Therefore, in Gharipya Masambha, also give a lot of these teachings.
Teachings.
And there is also many Therma teachings of the Marys of Buddhas.
So many Therma teachings.
Hidden, rediscovered by many great masters.
One after another.
Another.
So that is what the, what this Marys of Buddhas is.
And today, then I'm going to give you this as empowerment.
This, or the blessings of empowerment.
Again, the empowerment.
Now, so that is really about the Marys of Buddhas.
And now about the empowerment.
I mean, of course, most of you all know this empowerment.
But what means empowerment?
Empowerment means it's breaking our potentials.
Our Buddha natures.
The Buddha nature of the Marys of Buddhas.
Such Buddha sattamis.
Love and kindness and compassion and wisdom.
That, we have that potential as I said, repeated many times.
And you all know, according to Buddhist philosophy and teaching, always said that.
We all have that belief in nature.
There is no difference in that.
But this time, our that beautiful nature is like in a way, sleeping mood.
It's kind of sleeping.
It's not completely alert status.
So the empowerment, it will help to activate, to bring alert status.
At times, or at least, sometimes.
Once we got alerted and brought up that alert status,
then we continue to carry on that, then it will bring very beautiful result.
Even though we didn't do that, but once we received, because it's touch to our nature.
What we have the nature, what do you receive that?
It's connected together.
It's not just going to react to each other.
It is merged.
It's mingled together.
Your nature is, as I said, many times.
It's love, compassion, kindness.
Teaching is what you receive the empowerment.
It's love and kindness, compassion, wisdom.
So it's completely blended in.
Blending, there's no reactions or counter reactions.
There's no counter reactions.
It's just blended in.
And therefore, it will activate it in the teaching sense,
even though it didn't do anything now, a short time.
But it will help to activate it in the future, because it is blended in there.
And that is really the meaning of the empowerment.
And in one way to say that.
There's some other way to explain those things.
And now, and how you receive this empowerment through meditation,
through linear blessings, through the richer audience,
and through the mantras.
Those way, you receive this empowerment.
So that is my brief kind of introductions of this part of the teaching,
or part of this empowerment.
And now, we do the empowerment itself.
The empowerment itself, again, is going to be divided into three seconds.
Beginning, and middle, and concollating.
Concollating, and so beginning, and middle, and concollating.
So we begin.
So now, in order to do the empowerment,